{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf430
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Monaco;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red191\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs18 \cf2 //Copyright (C) 2009 Fedeirco Reuben\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
For the Zizek class to work it needs Audio and MIDI Files that can be found at:\
\
http://ranchonotorious.org/freuben/sc-extensions-files/\
\
Copy files into the ZizekScore folder.\
\
Other dependencies:\
\
AlgorithmicScore Class @ github\
\
\
\cf2 //Zizek? by Federico Reuben\
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \'93Interpassivity, like interactivity, thus subverts the standard opposition between activity and passivity: if in interactivity (or the \'91cunning of Reason\'92), I am passive while being active through another, in interpassivity, I am active while being passive through another. More precisely, the term \'91interactivity\'92 is currently used in two senses: (1) interacting4 with the medium \'96 that is, not being just a passive consumer: (2) acting through another agent, so that my job is done, while I sit back and remain passive, just observing the game. While the opposite of the first mode of interactivity is also a kind of \'91interpassivity\'92, the mutual passivity of two subjects, like two lovers passively observing each other and merely enjoying each others presence, the proper notion of interpassivity aims at the reversal of the second meaning of interactivity: the distinguishing feature of interpassivity is that, in it, the subject is incessantly \'96 frenetically even \'96 active, while displacing on to another the fundamental passivity of his or her being.\'94 From The Fantasy in Cyberspace by Slavoj Zizek\
\
Zizek? is a computer-mediated improvisation that gives a live alternative soundtrack to the Zizek! (2005) movie. Each performer has a laptop in front of them. The laptops are connected through a network by which the composer guides the improvisers by sending them written directions, animations (moving graphical notation) and through headphones, an aural score that consists of sound and music derived from the audio of the film. \
\
First performance: 9 June, 2009 at Kings Place, London as part of the Sound Source Series curated by Sound and Music.\
\
Alexander Hawkins \'96 piano. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.alexanderhawkins.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 www.alexanderhawkins.com}}\
Dominic Lash \'96 bass. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dominiclash.co.uk"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 www.dominiclash.co.uk}}\
Javier Carmona \'96 drums. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.myspace.com/javiercarmonam"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 www.myspace.com/javiercarmonam}}\
Federico Reuben \'96 computer. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.myspace.com/freupinta"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 www.myspace.com/freupinta}}\
\
}